[WIP] OSDOCS:2475 Adds new assembly for the dynamic plugin TP (#41260)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/about-dynamic-plugin.adoc

// Module is included in the following assemblies:
//
// * openshift-docs/web_console/dynamic-plugin.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="about-dynamic-plugins"]
= About dynamic plug-ins

The dynamic plug-in allows you to add custom pages and other extensions to your interface at runtime. Plug-ins are registerd with the console using the `ConsolePlugin` custom resource and they are enabled in the console operator congig map by a cluster administrator.

[id="dynamic-plugins-features"]
== Key features

> The dynamic plug-in will allow you tomake customizations such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dynamic plug-in will allow you to make customizations such as:
```

> * Extend the {product-title} UI at runtime
> * Add custom pages and other extensions
> * Navigation items

Reviewer: Maybe

```suggestion
* Add custom pages
* Add perspectives and update navigation items
* Add tabs and actions to resource pages
```
